Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 
https://codepen.io/ointero/pen/qBZPBEX?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    semantic markup introduces meaning to the web page
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    its the text on a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    provide additional info about html
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    its the main header and its onlt used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and alt
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    the main title
    7. What is an id? 
    it names a variable
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    div
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    speififies one or more classnames for an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    .className
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    address bar
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    src
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is the bigger container and div is the smaller one
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    css is used for decoration
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    using the id
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class would be a name preceded by a full stop and an id is a name precedented by a hash
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    highlighting it 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    using a selector
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    used to select elements with a specific parent, elements that are nit directly tied to the specified parent are not selected
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    #sidebar a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    lowercase: uppercase: capitalize:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    padding
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    cntrl a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
    /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
     ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    la
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    del/f file name, it will erase everything
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to see revision history
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    often
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 